Changes in release flow by package build rework (#88)
SenseNet/sn-resources: docs/gitflow/gitflow.md

  - `git checkout master`
  - `npm login`
  - `yarn` // To install dependencies
  - `yarn build:release`
  - `yarn test` // Sanity check
  - `yarn lerna publish from-package` // Lerna will publish all the packages that aren't in the registry yet

> - Edit the release tag in GitHub and paste the changelog from [sensenet.github.io](https://github.com/SenseNet/sensenet.github.io)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Edit the release tag in GitHub and paste the changelog from [sncom-resources](https://github.com/SenseNet/sncom-resources)
```
